(Yuya)
Previously on
"Yu‐Gi‐Oh! Arc‐V"...
This is Melissa Trail here,
reporting live from
the Tops TV Sky Eye.
The battle between
Sector Security
and one of Commons
boldest outlaws
is kicking into high gear!
I Synchro Summon
Clear Wing Synchro Dragon!
Reverse Revenge!
No! What can I do?
Now, Clear Wing, attack!
Spin Storm Sky Strike!
(Melissa Trail)
This is incredible!
Sector Security
just got served!
(Jean Michel Roget)
You two may think
you've escaped...
but my eyes are everywhere.
(Yuya)
Let's get moving and find Zuzu!
(siren wailing)
(security officer)
Your little game is over.
You should've known
you couldn't elude us forever.
Yeah, it's them all right.
They're dressed different,
but the faces match the photos.
There's two others with 'em.
(Jean Michel Roget)
Bring them in right away.
We've been lookin' all over
for you lousy punks
since last night!
Don't give us any trouble!
Last night?
But we just got here.
(grunts)
Sylvio,
this isn't a good idea.
No, Celina,
not you, too!
(all)
Let's duel!
♪
♪ Hey hey,
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me
Competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Swing into action
Are you ready to play? ♪
♪ Challenge anyone anywhere
any day ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance
Go 'head and roll the dice ♪
♪ See if it's in your cards
If you'll pay the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell
Let your powers come to life ♪
♪ It's showtime
Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel
Go 'head and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
You can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel
the power? ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
You can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
(alarm blaring)
(female operator)
There's a malfunction in
the duel control mainframe.
(male operator)
Reroute command data
to Alpha Channel stat.
Transferring data stream
from Delta to Alpha now.
It's not working.
The system could be
under a cyberattack.
(female operator #2)
Where's the problem
coming from?
(female operator #3)
District D‐8.
(male operator #2)
Isn't that the location
we rerouted
Sector Security to?
(Jean Michel Roget)
Give me a visual.
(female operator)
I wish I could, sir, but our
systems are going haywire.
We're running
an analysis and...
Oh, sir,
the anomaly is stemming
from an unknown
duel card interface.
(screaming)
Oh, no!
Sylvio, you okay?
(grunts)
It was over...
before it even started.
You, 'cuff that punk!
(snarling)
Hey, watch it, guy!
You might want to
rethink this...
or my dad'll have your badge
when he becomes mayor.
I don't think these guys know
how to act any other way.
Oh, we can play nice.
As long as you Commons
don't resist arrest
and come along
peacefully.
Sorry, but I don't
do "peaceful."
Celina!
These guys
got me runnin' on red!
Now, which one of you
wants to fall first?
Hey!
This isn't helping...
Please...
where's my big brother?
Do you know?
I don't.
But it'll be okay,
Riley.
I'll take care of you
till we find him.
That's a promise.
You, arrest
the small fry.
Yes, sir.
Stay behind me.
I wouldn't resist if I were you,
it'll only make things worse.
Take it easy!
Let's talk this out first.
We don't wanna make
any trouble.
You already have.
We're taking the whole lot
of you Commons in
for trespassing
into Tops Villa Area.
Come on! Seriously?
But we just got here!
Then we'll give
you newcomers
a free tour of
the detention center.
You're gonna love
The Facility.
(grunts)
I guess I have no choice.
(both)
Let's duel!
This way!
If you're thinking of
making a run for it,
better think again.
(groans)
If you're thinking of
making a run for it,
better think again!
(groans)
Yuya, you can
make a difference.
Show everyone what
dueling's really about.
And just like your dad,
do it with a smile.
(Yuya thinking)
You got it, Mom.
I've only got one chance
to make a first impression
so I better put
my best duel forward.
Which means I have to handle
this the way Dad would have
and let the Dueltainer in me
take center stage!
I'll show these coppers
that I'm not here to harm them
but to entertain them
and make them smile.
Hello, Officers!
May I have your
attention please?
You are all about to witness
a dueling extravaganza
the likes of which
you've never seen before!
My name's Yuya Sakaki
and my dad was a trailblazer!
He pioneered an awesome
form of dueling
that he called
Dueltainment!
And now I'm gonna give you
a demonstration!
Cool, right?
This better be
a performance for the ages
or it'll be curtains
for all of us!
Let's get this show
on the road!
First,
I'd like you to meet
one of my most popular
Perfomapals, Hip Hippo!
Whoa‐ah!
It'll be okay, Riley.
Trust me.
Get hoppin', Hippo.
Pardon my Hip Hippo,
but it's hopping with excitement
'cause this is
its first‐ever performance
in another dimension.
(female operator)
We've restored visuals
in District D‐8.
This hippo hops,
but I got other hippos
that like to dance.
So get set to get
your groove on!
I activate the dancetastic
spell card Hippo Carnival!
Okay, ladies!
Now hit it!
Uh...
(Yuya)
These samba loving ladies
are here to protect me,
so don't even think of trying
to dance around their defenses.
As long as the music
keeps playing,
they'll never skip a beat.
(thinking)
So weird...
Aren't those the happiest
Hippos you ever saw?
And there's a lot more fun
and surprises coming up.
We do hope you enjoyed
our first turn.
Yeah, whatever.
I got some fun surprises planned
for you twerps, too.
Starting with Vigilante Zeni!
When Zeni's on the job,
he likes workin'
with a partner.
By dropping Zeni's
attack points to zero,
his special ability
lets me bring a second
Vigilante into this brawl.
And that'll be the Tuner Monster
Vigilante Gata!
A Tuner Monster?
Then I know what's next.
If you're thinkin'
I'm gonna tune
Vigilante Gata
with Vigilante Zeni,
then you're spot on!
Move it, you two!
We'll break this
delinquent down so much,
no one'll ever
put 'em back together.
I Synchro Summon...
My ultimate enforcer,
Marksman Heiji Type 0!
Great, not what
I was aiming for.
Thanks to Marksman's
special ability,
by sending a card
to the graveyard,
my Marksman can take aim and
give Hip Hippo the heave‐ho!
But that's not all...
400 of your life points
are getting tossed as well!
This Action Spell will give me
plenty of protection!
Guard Cover's
letting this pretty lady
cut in and take the hit!
Well, buddy, you're still
gonna take damage.
And my Marksman can keep
doling out punishment
'cause it can use its ability
over and over again.
So your Hip Hippo's
still a goner.
Think again.
Thanks to Guard Cover,
my pink pachyderms protected.
You all right, Riley?
Hang on tight,
Hippo's 'bout to bounce.
The last few moves
got my Hip Hippo so jumpy,
its turned into
a regular "hoppapotumus"!
I think you need to
ground your game,
and make sure that hopper
takes down that copper!
Time to join the fun.
I summon Lunalight Blue Cat!
Whatever you thugs
try throwing at me,
I can handle.
So go ahead...
and take your best shot.
Marksman Heiji,
show this Common
what happens
when you break the law.
You still have
one Hippo left.
That stinks... for you!
Because I have one card left
in my hand to take it out!
This is just terrific.
Now Yuya's gonna lose
his last Hippo!
If you were dueling
more than dancing,
maybe you wouldn't have
gotten into this mess!
Let this be a lesson.
Never mess with
Sector Security.
Marksman Heiji,
you may blast away!
Ha‐ha.
One delinquent down.
(Yuya)
Sorry, but your Marksman
missed its mark.
No! It can't be!
Mirror Barrier...
where'd that come from?
(Yuya)
I saw the card just in time
and snagged it.
It's an Action Spell.
My Mirror Barrier absorbed
your monster's blast
and protected both
Hip Hippo and me!
What exactly are
these Action Spells
your buddy keeps
babbling on about?
First of all,
that twerp isn't my buddy.
Secondly,
Action Spells are cards.
They're spread
around the field.
If you pick them up,
they can give you an advantage.
Action cards?
What an interesting
development.
I gotta find me one...
Now I can get
a piece of the action.
I'm activating
the Action Spell
Zero Penalty!
It wipes out all your little
pink pal's attack points.
Hip Hippo!
Marksman Heiji, attack!
(both screaming)
I knew we could never count on
your pathetic skills
to get us out of this mess!
Why don't you at least
learn something from me
if you're gonna get beat?!
I flamed out fast,
but with style!
Your turn,
security man.
Go ahead and show me
what you're made of.
Don't mind if I do.
I tune Level 3
Vigilante Gata
with Level 4
Vigilante Zeni!
I Synchro Summon...
Marksman Heiji Type 0!
I had a funny feeling
I would be seeing him again.
I'll give you this much‐‐
you guys aren't
terribly original,
but you're consistent.
Riley, don't worry
about a thing.
We're gonna be fine.
(security officer)
Don't lie to the kid!
If you keep resisting,
you'll just make it worse!
This will be
your last chance.
Surrender while you can
and maybe we won't throw
the whole book at you.
Sorry, but that isn't
part of the plan.
Surrendering is for wimps.
I'll fight back
with a spell card.
I activate Polymerization!
I fuse Lunalight Blue Cat
with Lunalight
Purple Butterfly!
By combining the reflexes
of a fierce feline
with the fluttering fury
of a nighttime huntress,
I can create
a new lunar legend!
I Fusion Summon
the Fusion Monster
Lunalight Cat Dancer!
What's a Fusion Monster?
Fusion, interesting.
Send additional security
units to Sector D‐8.
Do not let these individuals
escape at any cost.
I activate the spell
Lunalight Perfume.
It's truly a refreshing scent.
So refreshing, in fact,
that I can bring back
Lunalight Blue Cat
from the graveyard
to scratch my way
to freedom!
Resurrecting my feline friend
gives me an extra advantage,
because it now doubles
the attack points
of Lunalight Cat Dancer!
It's time to pounce.
I activate
Cat Dancer's ability!
By tributing
Lunalight Blue Cat...
my Cat Dancer can attack
your monster twice!
Messing with us
was a huge mistake,
but you'll see that for yourself
when Lunalight Cat Dancer
takes aim at your Marksman!
Full Moon Mayhem!
(yelling)
No way!
We're getting skunked
by these Commons!
But all we have to do
is wait for backup
and then we'll
surround and impound!
You may think we came
to make trouble,
but really we just
came to make friends.
Yuya...
Yeah, what is it?
We're here
to make friends,
but I don't think
we need this many.
Call in all the troops you want.
It just means more for me
to take down!
(whimpering)
It's too bad they got
so lucky against me.
If I was still in this duel,
I'd make these mall cops
beg for mercy!
I'd take 'em
all out by myself!
Look, you yourselves should know
when you're defeated.
So be smart about this
and make the right decision.
Just put your Duel Disks down.
(Yuya thinking)
There's too many of them.
I don't know how
we're going to get away...
Unless...
It's my turn!
(thinking)
Just what the doctor ordered.
I'll use Scale 1
Performapal Monkeyboard
and Scale 6
Performapal Guiturtle
to set the Pendulum Scale.
I'm taking control of
this duel starting now!
And now, I'm allowed
to summon monsters
from Level 2 through 5
all at the same time!
Yep! I would have
Pendulum Summoned, too!
Wait!
We're not there yet!
Before I Pendulum Summon,
I'm activating Guiturtle's
Pendulum ability.
It lets me draw a card.
(thinking)
Setting my Pendulum Scale
was the first step,
but if I don't get
the next card I need here,
then it was all for nothing.
(thinking)
If I don't get
the next card I need here,
then it was all for nothing.
Well... did I pull it off?
Awesome!
Hey, Monkeyboard!
I think it's time
I stop monkeying around
and activate
your Pendulum ability.
Now I can add
a Performapal to my hand
that's Level 4‐or‐below.
Okay, I'm set.
Swing far, Pendulum!
Carve the arc of victory!
My monsters are ready...
to swing into action!
Let's hear it for
Performapal Cheermole!
Get your beat on
Performapal Drummerilla!
Toot your own horn,
Performapal Trumpanda!
Not only can these three
carry a tune,
but they're gonna
carry me to victory!
Exactly right.
They're gonna play
your swan song, creeps.
(security officer)
Move in! Arrest them all!
Who are these duelists?
They use Action Cards
and Fusion Summon...
And what is
this Pendulum thing?
Clearly these are
not the Commons
we were searching for
last night.
But if they aren't them,
then who can these
individuals be?
I've got these dozen,
how about you?
Celina,
I'll distract these guys
while you make
a break for it with Riley
and get to someplace
that's safe.
You want me to cut and run?
Trust me, I have a plan.
And it all starts
once I activate
the spell
Performance Hurricane!
Okay, let the jam
session begin!
I hope you feel
the beat and bounce
because each Performapal
is gonna bounce one card
on your field back
to your hand.
Hey, looks like your monster
wants to boogie
before it bounces!
Celina, go!
I'm not going anywhere!
If you think I'm gonna
babysit instead of duel,
then you should of
hired another nanny!
Come on, Celina, please!
Too late, you twerp!
Marksman Heiji's
special ability activates!
When this monster
leaves the field,
I can bring back the monsters
that were used
to summon it
from the graveyard!
(Celina)
Oh, no! These monsters
are blocking our escape!
Now, arrest them all!
Oh, Yuya!
(chuckling)
(engine revving)
(man)
Leave these people alone!
They've done nothing to you,
but that never matters, does it?
Time to teach you a lesson!
Raikiri, cut open a path!
Thank you...
I think.
♪
♪ You vs. me
Competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Activate the spell
Let your powers come to life ♪
♪ It's showtime
Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel
Go 'head and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
You can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel
the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me
Competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Activate the spell
Let your powers come to life ♪
♪ It's showtime
Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel
Go 'head and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
You can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel
the power? ♪